[Music]
human nature really is a conundrum don't
you think I mean if we're not
desperately trying to stand out from the
crowd and get recognition then we're
trying to fit in so that we don't get
made fun of well I am one of those girls
that aren't like other girls and I wear
that label proudly but I didn't always
and I certainly wasn't one of those
girls that aren't like other girls for
the sake of attention you see all over
social media these days you see this has
been a long process for me of feeling
uncomfortable in my own skin and just
learning to love myself even as a little
kid
I always felt different I get really
nice birthday gifts for my family like
all kinds of Barbies with different
clothes and accessories and cute tutus
and tiaras I really like these presents
and was super excited to open them up
just like most girls at age I guess the
problem was I only played with my new
dolls for a little while on that day I
was more drawn to my Big Brother's Legos
and Hot Wheels and getting down and
dirty constructing muddy roads for them
out in the yard
Barbie never really fit in with the
outdoor life and the tutus got all dirty
and lost their sparkle my parents caught
on quickly and started buying me boy
toys and my brother and I would play for
hours on end but you know how it goes
you always have that aunt or grandparent
that wants you to be more girly and play
with girl toys and there's nothing wrong
with those all of my friends in
preschool left their Barbie dolls and
play jewelry sets but for some reason it
just wasn't for me I didn't like the
feeling of those plastic necklaces on me
I didn't like feeling the way to flip in
earrings on my lobes I just felt really
uncomfortable and at that young age I
had no idea why I felt this way so soon
enough I started getting the tomboy
label and being told that this wasn't a
good thing for a pretty girl like me
even my little preschooler brain wanted
to know why there were things for boys
and separate things for girls why was I
not a girl after all
tomboy insinuates that you're kind of a
boy right
just because I like climbing trees and
playing with toy cars anyway my school
years weren't any easier actually kids
can be pretty brutal and judgmental the
tomboy labels stuck with me and the
girly girls didn't seem interested in
playing football and basketball with me
at recess again there's nothing wrong
with that if most of the other girls
weren't into those sorts of things I
just played with my friends and yeah
they were mostly boys we had fun but I
still couldn't shake that feeling in the
back of my head that there was something
wrong with me and then there was high
school when my body started changing
during puberty I did start to feel a
little more feminine and I guess normal
for a girl plus it was around this time
when I started crushing on one of my
longtime guy friends I had it bad for
him and I desperately wanted him to
notice me among all the pretty girls in
our class I started turning on the charm
and bad at my eyelashes I must have
looked like a total idiot well maybe I
did because he didn't even catch my
hints I was still one of the guys in his
mind he always had his eye on other
girls and I got stuck in the friend zone
yeah it happens to us too so I decided
that I had to make a change and do
something so that he'd noticed me and
asked me out I consulted with a few of
my new girlfriends about what to wear
and how they do my hair and makeup to
draw his attention they were so excited
to help me out yes it was time for a
teen sleepover and I got completely made
over cue the 90s highschool flick
makeover montage I'm kidding
but I know how stereotypical that
sounded anyway they had me looking
amazing but it was a whole different
ballgame when I tried those tricks out
on myself the following Monday before
school I poked myself in the eye with a
mascara more times than I can count
and I was giving off clown vibes more
than anything asked for whether or not
my new look impressed my crush well
after one look at me and a good laugh
his only words were
what's that gunk all over your face oh
yeah my attempt to drop the boyish
nickname and start having people call me
by my actual name Christina basically
flopped
I felt mortified other girls can make it
look good but I gave up right then and
there I just decided that it was best
for me to focus on my schoolwork and
leave the dressing up to my friends
books never hurt me the way makeup did I
even signed up for an after school book
club during sophomore year and I was
finally starting to feel like I fit in
among like-minded individuals I was
surprised by the crowd at these meetings
- there were other tomboys like me there
were guys and they were even girly girls
it was around this time that I started
to understand that people are just
people I always thought that girls who
loved makeup and dresses only cared
about gossip and crushes on boys they
couldn't possibly be bookworms could
they I guess what I'm saying is we're
all different in a way so why worry
about all the labels when you can just
be yourself and do what you love and
that's exactly what I did going into my
college years maybe it was because of my
childhood pastime of playing with Legos
and building dirt roads for my brothers
toy cars but I ended up going into civil
engineering I wanted to plan buildings
and roads for real now and yeah this is
a traditionally masculine field I think
I read one statistic that almost 90% of
civil engineers are men
mind-blowing right and I could see it in
my classes too I was one of very few
women in the whole department but I was
on the path to doing what I love and
that's exactly what I do today walking
around the construction site of a
building that I helped create feels
incredible and you know I rock those
steel toed boots and hard hat like a
boss I thought that I'd have a hard time
being taken seriously in a man's field
but I can say that my co-workers and
bosses have real respect for me but
perhaps that's because I'm just good at
what I do not to toot my own horn or
anything
sure it was a little tough at first but
I'd be like that's the case with any
fresh college grad coming into the job
market I mean my husband dealt with the
same thing after nursing school oh yeah
that's right this oddball tomboy met a
guy that really understands where I'm
coming from like I said he's a nurse so
a large majority of his co-workers are
women he has the same thing growing up
trying to fit in with the boys even
though we always love playing doctor
with his sister's dolls when you think
about it it's kind of crazy how two
people like us would find each other
isn't it I think that just goes to show
you that the traditional male and female
stereotypes are fading away so if you
feel different from others in your
social group don't let it get you down
I'm sure you'll do great things as long
as you learn to love and accept yourself
just the way you are so have you ever
experienced anything like this while
navigating your way through life perhaps
you're going through it right now feel
free to share your story down in the
comments and don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click that subscribe button to stay
on the bright side of life